README: small typo fixes (#29)
CoraLibre/CoraLibre-android-sdk: README.md

## Documentation

> The Bluetoth specification as well as the cryptography specification is documented here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bluetooth specification as well as the cryptography specification is documented here:
```

Old DP-3T is documented here:
https://github.com/DP-3T/documents/blob/master/DP3T%20White%20Paper.pdf

## How to get started

> So far everything is developed by Unit Testing. Before you can start make sure you know android and are able to handle working with git(hub). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So far everything is developed by Unit Testing. Before you can start make sure you know android and are able to work with git(hub) repositories. 
```
